OSDOCS-16409: Cluster Admin CQAs (#116629)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/dedicated-aws-vpn-troubleshooting.adoc

* Recheck the route table for the VPC. Ensure that propagation is enabled and that there are entries in the route table that have the virtual private gateway you created earlier as a target.
* Confirm that you do not have any firewall rules that could be causing an interruption.
* Check if you are using a policy-based VPN as this can cause complications depending on how it is configured.

== Tunnel does not stay connected

> If the tunnel connection has trouble staying *Up* consistently, know that all AWS tunnel connections must be initiated from your gateway. AWS tunnels link:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpn/latest/s2svpn/VPC_VPN.html#CustomerGateway[do not initiate tunneling].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the tunnel connection doesn't remain *Up* (or doesn't stay connected, or drops frequently), check that all AWS tunnel connections are initiated from your gateway. AWS tunnels link:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpn/latest/s2svpn/VPC_VPN.html#CustomerGateway[do not initiate tunneling].
```

> Red Hat recommends setting up an SLA Monitor (Cisco ASA) or some device on your side of the tunnel that constantly sends "interesting" traffic, for example `ping`, `nc`, or `telnet`, at any IP address configured within the VPC CIDR range. It does not matter whether the connection is successful, just that the traffic is being directed at the tunnel.

Reviewer: While some docs use "interesting" traffic almost as a technical term, it could be safer to say "keepalive" traffic?
